OFFLINE: false
a_comment: max-pooling, no resnorm...
architecture: GraphEmbedder
batch_size: 1000
contrastive_loss: cos-cross
contrastive_loss_lambda: 1
contrastive_temperature: 15
dataset: vg
dataset.base_embedding.from: image
dataset.base_embedding.using: SigLIP
dropout: 0.1
epochs: 400
eval.also_on_train_data: false
eval.base_embeddings:
- image
- graph
eval.fast_estimate: true
eval.fast_estimate.lower_bound: true
eval.fast_estimate.max_graphs: 300
eval.fast_estimate.max_nodes: 25
eval.fast_estimate.min_nodes: 1
eval.qa: false
eval.qa.gqa.question_file: val_balanced_questions.json
eval.qa.statements: rule
eval.retrieval: true
eval.retrieval.k:
- 10
- 50
- 100
eval.sgg: false
eval.sgg.constrain:
- constrained
eval.sgg.initial_edges: empty
eval.sgg.metrics:
- recall
- mean_recall
eval.sgg.modes:
- pair
- refined5
eval.sgg.recalls:
- 20
- 50
eval.sim: true
graph_count: -1
heads: 4
hidden_dim: 512
initial_features: clip_embedding
jobs:
- train
- archive
- eval
layer_type: GIN
layer_type.res_norm: false
learning_rate: 0.001
loss: cos-align
loss_lambda: 0
lr_decay: 0.5
lr_step_count: 6
lr_warmup: true
margin: 0.1
num_layer: 1
pool_type: max
relation_is: node
seed: 0
topo: null
train_split: 0.7
weight_decay: 0.0005
xspeed.num_workers: 6
xspeed.prefetch_factor: 3
